hello and welcome back to the 1978
Suzuki GS 750 cafe racer build we've got
the GS one thousand six one thousand
tail piece has been fitted and I use
these lovely if it's a kit lifter the
life savers actually I know what you
call them but they are basically
threaded bits of rod that you can weld
in anywhere and create yourself mounting
points stainless steel so pretty much
weld them anywhere in the frame as long
as you got steel frame obviously which I
did here I routed this bracket on to the
to the actual tail piece and welded two
mounting points which I've used allen
bolts there there are further two let's
sit here the tail light uses its
original mounting bracket which I just
created a bracket and weld onto the
frame and this thing is as solid as a
rock it's actually a little bit
concerned that it might not be but it's
a really really strong and I've also
swapped out those are can i first
standard looking shocks for an IE
pronounced as if I said marzocchi or
Marzuki I'm not too sure and you need a
rebuild but they certainly look I looked
a bit more purposeful than than the ones
that don't have the EM well gas things
on the side there yeah apart from that
there's not a whole lot going on with
this bike I said it'd take a bit of time
to do this I want my not the fastest at
working on these things but certainly
getting to the point now where it's I'm
absolutely loving the way that back tire
is sticking so far behind the back of
the tail piece so this is the overall
shape now a next step is to actually
take measurements and get to the machine
shop for sleeves and spindles and
hopefully then it's just a case of
engine rebuilt and paint he says as if
that's nothing okay thank you very much